
# <p align="center"> InsPyLogger Change-Notes</p>


<p align="center">Version: v2.2</p>
<p align="center">Release date: 03/07/2023</p>
<p align="center">:notebook:</p>

---

## <p align="center">Update Summary</p>

---

> <p align="center">**Note**:<br></p>
>     
>  *The summary below was generated by ChatGPT when asked to summarize in a less-technical-way the notes that follow.*
----

InsPy-Logger version 2.2 includes changes to its dependencies and codebase. 


The focal change was the removal of the "domain-suffixes" dependency, which caused a temporary issue with installing InsPyLogger and related packages. This was resolved by adding the "public-suffix-list" as a replacement. In addition, other issues - unrelated to the yanked dependency - were addressed; including a breaking exception caused by incorrectly ordering property definition. 


The file "cache.py" was also removed as it was no longer needed with the new dependency in place. The aim of these changes was to optimize the program and ensure uninterrupted functionality.

---

## <p align="center">Changed Files</p>

----

The following files were updated:

### inspy_logger/pyproject.toml

- Removed "domain-suffixes" as a dependency [^1]
- Added "public-suffix-list" to replace the functionality of the yanked dependency. ([PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/public_suffix_list) | [GitHub](https://github.com/plinss/public_suffix_list/))
- Version bump: 2.1.4 -> 2.2

### inspy_logger/__init__.py

- Fixed issues caused by the yanked dependency.
- Corrected property resolution.

### inspy_logger/helpers/network.py

- Removed calls to the removed dependency.

---

## <p align="center">Removed Files</p>

----

The following file was removed:

- inspy_logger/helpers/cache.py:<br>
    <br>
    This file was removed as it was no longer needed after adding `public-prefix-list` as a dependency.

----

# <p align="center">Commit Log</p>

----

ebcae49
:  .gitignore

39db7c0
: inspy_logger/helpers/network.py

82bc9a6
: Non-package related files.

c7e1957
: inspy_logger/_\_init\_\_.py

8c89008
: inspy_logger/\_\_about\_\_.py
: ./pyproject.toml
